{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12600\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 How to Build a Frequency Scanner in Ableton \
\
Credit : DJSN / omni-mono aka Marc.\
\
http://djnsm.com / @djnsm\
\
The following is my notes for this tutorial to follow along\
\
Will need 2 tracks :\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}1-source\
{\listtext	\'95	}2 scanner\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Use the IO settings to build a listener track\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Important so as to have an audio track to use as source\
{\listtext	2.	}"Audio From" Source\
{\listtext	3.	}BEST PRACTICE : Audio to Sends only, disable sends\
{\listtext	4.	}ALWAYS USE PRE FX or possibly post effects. Never post mixer.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Place a generic EQ8 instance - generally the easiest device to make a frequency scanner\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Group EQ8, show the Macros\
{\listtext	2.	}Turn off all but one EQ channel, or turn on only one depending on the default. We will use EQ channel 4\
{\listtext	3.	}Choose the BELL EQ type on EQ4\
{\listtext	4.	}Assign FREQ to Macro1\'a0on EQ4\
{\listtext	5.	}Assign Q to Macro 2\'a0on EQ4\
{\listtext	6.	}Turn Gain all the way up\'a0on EQ4\
{\listtext	7.	}Start w/Q all the way up\'a0on EQ4\
{\listtext	8.	}Turn scale all the way up to 200\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}DONE with the basic scanner, but this will leak.\
{\listtext	4.	}NOW WE LOW/HI SHELF TO MAKE THIS COMPLETE!\
{\listtext	5.	}Turn on EQ channel 1\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Set to LOW CUT\
{\listtext	2.	}Set Q to about .72\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	6.	}Turn on EQ channel 8\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Set to HIGH CUT\
{\listtext	2.	}Set Q to about .3\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	7.	}Assign EQ channel 8 FREQ to macro 1\
{\listtext	8.	}Assign EQ channel 1 FREQ to macro 1\
{\listtext	9.	}EVERYTHING GETS WEIRD - this is okay, we need to tune the sweeper a little and this is really easy!\
{\listtext	10.	}Enable Macro Mapping mode\
{\listtext	11.	}Turn macro 1 all the way down\
{\listtext	12.	}Select EQ channel 8 -> Freq, adjust the macro mapping MIN to about 70hz\
{\listtext	13.	}Turn macro 1 all the way up\
{\listtext	14.	}Select EQ channel 1 FREQ and set to about 15khz\
{\listtext	15.	}Select EQ channel 4 and roll the MAX down a little, to about 17kHZ\
{\listtext	16.	}Set the MIN value to about 50hz\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	17.	}Roll and test!
\b0 \
{\listtext	18.	}You are done, one final thing - as mentioned int eh beginning, lets adjust the IO settings:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}BEST PRACTICE : Audio to Sends only, disable sends\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	19.	}This scanning track is now ready for side chain awesome!\
}